Remove Address type (#1924)
counterfactual/monorepo: packages/node/README.md

Params:

- `proposedToIdentifier: string`

>   - string of the peer responding to the installation request of the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Public identifier of the peer responding to the installation request of the app
```

Params:

- `proposedToIdentifier: string`

>   - string of the peer responding to the installation request of the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Public identifier of the peer responding to the installation request of the app
```
